docs(use cases): simplify (#14391)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/use-cases.md

It allows us to automatically merge the submodule update without needing manual approval, manual merging, or even without getting a PR at all.

Automerge is particularly useful for internal dependencies where it's best to use the approach of "if it passes tests then merge it".

To learn more about "automerge" read the [key concepts, automerge](https://docs.renovatebot.com/key-concepts/automerge/) documentation.

## Advanced configuration

The capabilities listed below are commonly needed for all the above use cases.

### Batched updates

Renovate defaults to separating each dependency update into its own PR.
But you may want to batch or "group" updates together.
For example, group all patch updates into one PR or even all non-major updates together (patches and minor updates).

You can configure batched updates by setting a `groupName` as part of `packageRules`.

### Scheduled updates

You may want to limit the times when Renovate is allowed to raise updates.
This can help to reduce "noise" during your working hours, and reduce the chance of CI contention.
You can tell Renovate to "not bother you" during times when you're using the CI resources, or want to focus on your work.

> You can set the time ranges during Renovate create updates in the `schedule` field.

Author: ```suggestion
You can set the time ranges during which Renovate creates updates in the `schedule` field.
```
